Okay, so now let's enable DNS resolutions.
So for this, I'm going to go into my VPC, right click,
and then I can edit DNS hostnames and resolution.
So, we need to enable DNS hostnames.
And this is to indicate whether instances with public IP
addresses get corresponding public DNS hostnames.
So if we go into our EC2 instances and look at the
bastion host, which was a public instance,
it has a public IP forward address,
as you can see right here.
But there is no public IP before DNS.
So what I need to do is just click on this enabled DNS'
name and then save the changes.
So now,
if I go into my management console and refresh this and look
at my bastion host again, as you can see now,
there is an public IP before DNS that is available right
here, which were resolved to make public IP forward address.
So the setting we just enabled, made it work.
And also we can look at edit DNS resolution,
as we can see DNS resolution is already enabled.
That means that our instances will resolve DNS names within
AWS.
So that means that now we can go to the next stage and look
at Route 53 hosted zones.
So now we can create a private one.
So what I'm going to do is going to host the zones,
and I'm going to create a hosted zone.
Now this one is going to be called demo.internal.
And as you can see,
this is a domain name that I don't own,
but because this is a private hosted zone,
I don't need to own this domain.
This just allows my EC2 instances to resolve it.
So I'm going to select a private hosted zone,
and because this is a private hosted zone,
we need to associate it with a specific VPC. So the region
I'm in is EU-Central-1 and the VPC ID is my demo VPC.
So as you can see for each VPC that you associate with the
private hosted zone, you must set the Amazon VPC setting,
enabled DNS host name and enableDnsSupport to true,
which we did in a few minutes ago.
So just remember that if you create this hosted zone is
going to cost you 50 cents per month, just so you know.
So let's create this hosted zone, okay.
It is created. And within they have two records,
but let's create a new record.
And this one is going to be a google.demo.internal,
and it's going to be a C name.
And the value of it is www.google.com.
And this is just to demonstrate as creating a quick record.
So we'll choose a simple routine. Everything is good.
Let's create this record. So this was created successfully.
And now we need to see with our not instances within our
VPC can resolve this hostname.
So let's go into the easy to manage run console,
and then I'm going to connect to my bastion hosts and
connect to it. So this is an instance in my public subnets,
so I can directly SSH into it and I need to install the
decrement. So the decrement is already installed.
So it's it perfect.
And then just dig and then google.demo.internal.
Press enter. And as we can see, we get an answer.
So google.demo.internal is a C name and the value of it
is Google.com and Google.com then corresponds to
Google. And it's an area code with this IP address.
So the really cool thing is that now we are able to create
internal private records for our DNS, thanks
to this things we enabled. And this is Tasha VPC,
and this is really,
really powerful because now we can start creating some very
interesting domain names for our internal applications.
So that's it. I hope you liked it.
And I will see you in the next lecture.